Don't you understand?
This thousand-year-old wild mountain
It's a gift from Lu An's little friend
The marriage of the two of you is my approval
Grandpa you
Tree leaves, I'm afraid this is not good
What's wrong?
Order of the Elders
According to the media
If you don't want to tonight
I will hand over the Su family's estate to passers-by to inherit
Find him another daughter of a big family to marry
Grandpa, what's wrong with you today?
I just met him for the second time
There is so much love at first sight in the world.
This is the second time you have met.
I have lost your kindness.
But marriage has to be between two people
This kind of mandarin duck spectrum is yours, don't mess it up
You two brothers
It was set by me and your master.
Neither of you can decide
You two
Still too young
Don't know anything.
We won't hurt you for the rest of our lives
We both say you are happy
It was absolute happiness.
Grandpa, do I have a boyfriend?
Said this